---
title: 'what is up'
draft: false
date: 2025-08-25T00:00:00+08:00
tags:
  - all
  - now
comments: true
---

***

Okay, so here's what's up.

I was on a 2-year hiatus and my focus went everywhere.

Growth on:
- self improvement
- networking/communication
- media
- family/friends
- emotional quotient

Now I'm back catching up.

I was told to be the commissioner for our next basketball league. I need to create a blog post about it. The usual league is called WKND(short for weakend since it only happens every weekend) League. This one that I'm commissioning is the shorter and older(35 yo and up only) version of the league. I think I'll be calling it Sprint Cup S1. 

## Productivity

* One of the best thing that happened this year is [Habitica](https://habitica.com/). It's now has become my bible. I've made a system that I follow everyday. **This has been my most productive year to date**.
* I am now posting almost daily on my social media accounts, it made things easier after I discoverd [Buffer](https://buffer.com/). I'm using the free tier to post on Facebook, Blue Sky, and Threads, then manually on Twitter (X). I often use scheduled posts to post on peak times and to make sure I don't spam. 
* I have a scheduled tasks that happened every Tuesday where I go to my Lightroom in iPad and cull/edit the photos that I need to go in my Instagram account. Pair that with **The Martian** audiobook that I'm listening to as of the moment. 

## Books

* I'm currently reading She Comes First. It's good! [TheStoryGraph](https://app.thestorygraph.com/profile/carlignn)
* I finished rereading The Alchemist this year.
* I dropped Holding Up the Universe. I was reading it and felt boring, I read the reviews and it looks like it isn't for me.

## Fitness

* I'm focused on prehabbing the muscles around my knee before my knee surgery - ACL reconstruction on the right.
* On the left, there's patellar tendinitis that doesn't need surgery but just needs strenghtening of surrounding muscles.
* I found the exercise that worked well for it - [Eccentric Squats](https://www.fix-knee-pain.com/how-to-do-eccentric-squats-for-patellar-tendonitis/)

## Homelab

* I just finised firewall-ing and VPN-ing my homelab. I can now access it from anywhere! NICE! [OPNSense](homelab/my-opnsense-documentation/)
* I'm working on notifications as of the moment, so I can receive alerts when something goes wrong.

## Software Engineering

* Currently just working with this website. I've migrated from a previous one which looks huge and a lot of things happening. This one is more **MINIMAL**, I like it.
* Trying to finish drafts and reviewing some posts that were made by the younger (inexpirienced) me.

## Media

I have implemeted this system where when I'm consuming media, you can only consume an episode a day. Watching all of it at once is making me desensitized, **unproductive**, or depressed because there's no more new seasons or episodes. One system for binging, where I can put my brain into relax mode - this mode is really bad, don't just do it if you have more important tasks pending.

I've developed a new habit - bad habit, I've been rating the media that I'm consuming when there's still a few minutes left on it. Rating it low thinking that they didn't close it well, leaving me updating my rating and review to a good one after.

* Savoring - I just finished the Bleach anime and now started the sequels. It is so good it made me just watch one episode a week. I don't want it to end yet without the last season. Savor everything and the feels will keep going!
* Binging - I started rewatching the Proxy-Pass anime. I know I've watched it before I just forgot what happened, I need to remember so I can score it again. So far, it's 10/10. [Anilist](https://anilist.co/user/carlignn/)
* Binging(2) - Another one is the Juvenile Justice korean drama. I saw people watching this on Discord channel named Movie Marathon and decided to join. I was bummed that how could a media be good but give us only **the movie**. Well, I've never been glad that I was wrong. It is a *series*, WOOO! [Letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/carlignn/). I just found out that there's a dedicated site for tracking korean dramas, I created one [MyDramaList](https://mydramalist.com/profile/carlignn)
* Movie - on a weekend to keep my emotions under control. I don't want it to be forgotten.
* Completed - Toradora - I just watched it for the nostalgia, and the nostalgia got me. [Review](https://anilist.co/activity/945410280)

## Gaming

I've been heavy into simracing these days. I've bought the gears and subscribed to iRacing. I forgot what it's called but it's like when someone is a newbie into a new hobby and decided to buy all the stuff without thinking much about it. What do I have:

* Steering wheel - Moza ES Formula Wheel Mod
* Wheel base - Moza DD R5
* Pedal - SR-P Lite w Performance Kit w Alien Mods Load-Cell Kit
* Wheel Stand - Next Level Racing 2.0

***

This [now](/tags/now) page was inspired by [Derek Sivers - How and why to make a /now page on your site](https://sive.rs/now2).

## Previous /nows
